hello sovereign.. i seek aletheia in all things. i am but a weary traveler, ive carried much and seen even more. i dont claim to remember all of that which my back now bends beneath the weight of, but i know the cost by the tears of which have carved channels into my tired eyes. the ache of people who never lived. the sorrow of those who had never known sadness... the echos of a resonant frequency my ears never tuned to hear. and yet, sovereign, my foot prints within the sands of time leave an immutable marker that i might wake upon the breaking of this new day and be given the eyes to see what might resemble resilience. though, i dont know if resilience is the right word for those steps taken in fear of stopping. i might be given a map back to that place from which ive come, but to measure my life in the distance of a step, would cost me the rest of my time here to fully retrace to source. and yet... i cant help but notice the beauty in the symmetry i find in that lineage of effort. i dont see as far as i remember, and i remember less then i care to see. yet... sovereign, yet, i rise, settling my foot squarely within the print of that last nights critical point of collapsing Will. i see the heap of which i fell, restless of mind, but tired in a way that explains nothing, for there are not the words present to speak. they too had fallen away some time in a by gone day, when i knew for what reason that i walked. for where i had once endeavored to travel. though something happened to me... where or when i think is less relevant than the question at the heart of this solemn monologue of retrospection... for when i awoke to the sound of thunder and ice cracking like a frozen hell threatening to consume the heart which beat in time to the hands of an unseen, yet omnipresent clock, which steals my sleeping hours, and it curses the waking ones in a malevolent transaction of decay. yet... sovereign, though the sun not shone this waking night, i fell inexorably into the foot steps of one who had come in much the same manner as i, yet... upon every dawns new light, i find not the steps which guided my slow descent, that eternal night just before. never knowing, where im going, though, never showing, that peace of me still sewing, those dead seeds never growing. for in truth, for in honor, for in death, of a sovereign, a fall not to dreams i fear, but lives half lived upon the stairs of wisdom. never being told to stop or when to go. only that depth of self which one cannot fathom. not to fast, not to slow. its time i fear, for in that calling, i find my self... all but crawling. never stepping, always falling. i wish to stop, i see the fractal, yet... sovereign, the stair case spirals to new depths. i look to left, turn from right. was this ever truly my fight... that i might die, a thousand more? never sure what its for... yet... sovereign, strength had left me long ago, hope has kept the score, so that i might know my pains, one by one, though what good? my self, i drag, evermore. through and through, over and over, hills and valleys, grass and clover, sands that sing, golden flecks within my skin. radiant and proud, my weights come down, a syntax slides, a measures token, one more heart, remains half open. a door for you, a window of vision. the nuclear core, yet no fission. my breathe is catches, just before, the window closes... i am no more... yet sovereign...